[Music]
obviously as much as I can okay
right let's go for collard greens that
smothered pork chops ounds delicious
let's go up some mac and cheese as well
please okay really chitlins and desserts
house in bed velvet cake delicious okay
great
very wealthy I'm starving we're gonna
put your order in excellence all right
guys we have our order for chef all
right let's do it
I really think that chef Wims you just
want to say that the food is phenomenal
with the pork chop with the man this is
not hot there's plenty of it this is the
craziest deco I've ever seen Wow another
record yeah they're all over so first
name is Elouise what's with her oh oh
Jesus
[Music]
what happened was it the fried chicken
or with the cornbread [ __ ] oh my god
somebody had but the wolf it was
shocking to find that it was a whole
wall with a record on it I was just like
oh my god like what the hell is that
going in I've heard about broken records
but Jesus Christ okay let's get out of
here quick I'm afraid to touch any other
records
[Music]
Oh charlie is delusional about how
fabulous our food is I hate the macaroni
and cheese just looks like crap on a
plate this is pork chop the smothered
pork chop thank you
[Music]
this my son was shot on my planet
destroy
that's bland nothing seasoned - how's
your pork chop the pork chop is dry mac
and cheese
if I ever cooked a primo [ __ ] you think
a soul food restaurant would pride
itself on cooking mac and cheese but now
it's just all is that heated in the
microwave but no I think they just put
it in the oven to warm for our lunch
service thank you he's saying that the
macaroni and cheese is dry and
overcooked
he asked me have we warmed it in the
microwave I told him no it just came out
of loving they may have put it in the
microwave for a minute only for a minute
though everything is cooked to
perfection there is nothing on that menu
that is not perfect how can actually see
the decision restaurant by the collard
greens and not taste my colony system
just like pepper soil you know you can't
have food taste my game now chef I said
taste those collard greens they're
perfect here you go chef collard greens
Wow okay great thank you very much
indeed
Wow lambs no seasoning it's just fry
them soggy and Limp James did you think
you got it all together if you eat it
all together you should well I did he do
one together they still say bland I
[Music]
little blend collard greens it's great
he's crazy
they're delicious if we get one out of
three we might be all right and this is
the chitlins and okra okay
Chiclets I mean I know
Chiclets are being testing but should
they really stink before I do taste them
I'd like to pray to God before I pray
that the spirit of the devil you are
prayed over we guarantee you that you
are not about this to come to those
chitlins hallelujah you'll be far
I just had to pray over chef before he
ate the chitlins its new praising the
setting on this one oh my god
[Music]
well Chiclets shitless I need the toilet
excuse me
I knew that come out quick on their way
in separately they're always chosen
twice
holy crap you kidding me
oh my god well I stink
Charlie be taking it lightly and not
seriously at all in the children
bathroom I'm not sure but I guess the
prayer didn't work
[Music]
[Laughter]
thank you I want to see what's thought
Lord Jesus so we don't be going mom Mary
makes all of our desserts my Mary thank
you well Mary delicious finally simply
[ __ ] failure well how do you like
this yeah delicious well as way to the
end up in sight
another matter before I do taste them
I'd like to pray to me
you